four Israeli hostages taken by Hamas
during the October the 7th attacks have
now been reunited with their families
after a military operation deep inside
Gaza to free them Israeli Special Forces
raided two locations in narat in central
Gaza in broad daylight with a spokesman
saying they came under heavy fire one
Israeli soldier died but Hamas says more
than 200 Palestinians were killed in the
operation although that figure is
disputed Hugo Pasa has more from Tel
Aviv a dramatic rescue and she's free
again 25-year-old Noah aramani captured
by Hamas on the 7th of October and taken
to Gaza is finally back in
Israel she became one of the most
well-known faces of this crisis her
kidnapping recorded in this
video today her ordeal came to an end
this is her reunited with her dad
please don't forget that there are
another 120 hostages in captivity we
must release them and make every effort
in any way to bring them to Israel and
their
families by the way it's my birthday
look what a gift I
got also freed Andre koslov who's 27
shalomi Z 40 and amug me JN
218 months ago they were in the Nova
music festival in southern Israel when
Hamas gunmen attacked more than 360
people were killed here this morning the
Israeli military carried out a raid of
the nerat refugee camp in central
Gaza there were heavy air strikes
Special Forces went
in the military said this was a complex
operation and based on intelligence
information the four hostages it said
were found at two separate locations in
the heart of the camp and were brought
out Under Fire Israeli forces have been
preparing for this rescue mission for
weeks they are underwent in intensive
training they risk their lives to save
the lives of all
hostages if there was relief in Israel
the operation meant yet more suffering
in Gaza at the alaka hospital in nearby
D balak chaos and Desperation doctors to
treat all the wounded many arrived
already
dead we were at home a rocket hit us my
two cousins died and my other two
cousins were seriously injured they did
nothing they were sitting at
home the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu visited the freed hostages in
a hospital near Tel Aviv he's been urged
to reach a ceasefire and hostage release
deal with Hamas today's rescue could
help lift some of the
pressure indeed Hugo one wonders what
all this could mean for ceasefire
talks well C this is the key question
after this uh rescue just hours ago here
in Tel Aviv thousands of people joined a
protest demanding a deal with Hamas for
the remaining hostages to be freed the
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is under pressure to accept a
proposal that was laid out by President
Biden that includes not only the Rel of
hostages but also paves the way for a
permanent ceasefire in Gaza which is a
contentious Point here in Israel this
rescue operation has been seen as a
success by the Israeli authorities and
could change the calculations of the
Prime Minister but many will say that
will happen today is proof that it is
urgent to reach a ceasefire two
hospitals say at least 70 people were
killed during this operation and the
head of the Palestinian Authority
described it as a bloody massacre okay
Hugo thank you Hugo Basher they're live
in Tel Aviv